something
m
dozens of players from the NHL
are in north america and he
is training while waiting for the start of
training camps
other players are still in europe
attempted as long as the cartel
principle will not be ratified here without
later zilina in the company of
his guest thank you very much david there
had a newcomer to the training
today in candiac
he arrived yesterday from russia you have it
acknowledged that he offered himself the time that
is that a life a little hectic at
recent course in web a lot of
flight delays but keep it was
it was a beautiful experience that I
lived there I regret not having been
there for only four days I
learned a lot more like we said the
keep in the aisles to talk about the
target and mathieu darche was good
indicated positive opinion but also nick
Positive setta his reputed completely
capsized aside because if javier I stop
is the good but kept I am
happy jozic rye he still has not
for whom this noise in a short time even
source is not exactly quality
of coach will start because of
glock are they too
no there was still ice rink that
I skate a little in the summer the beautiful game
that was it was a good intensity
what was not that I say I had
returns to small he already has the products
olive establish the penguins as
favorite to win the stanley cup
in a calendar like the ones that have
accurate young team for a lot
change because he's just
promote the games you have a lot
tel I think halima is going to be a
book where is going to be nobody who is going to be
favorite this year and then I even read
in some articles in the past 94
95 and May 5 to team that was told
best team and we can do the
playoffs I do not think so when we go
take the predictions for for granted
we will go to the caps at home
when I prepare myself the best that
can we go we're going to play at that
count four